Added documentation for refreshing local documentation changes (#3912)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/dev_guide/documentation.rst

You can open the "index.html" file to browse the final product.
The gallery examples are located under "docs/_build/html/generated/gallery".
Sphinx builds documentation iteratively, only adding things that have changed.

> If you'd like to start from scratch (i.e., remove the tox cache) then just run::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to start from scratch (i.e., remove the tox cache) then run::
```
"just" doesn't add much to it and makes it look as it's easy to understand what's going on.

    $ tox -e build_docs -- -aE

> To build the documentation locally you must have all the dependencies (``pip install -e .[docs]``) specified in ``setup.cfg`` installed on your computer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build the documentation in your current python environment you must have all the dependencies specified in ``setup.cfg`` installed (``pip install -e .[docs]``).
```

> Then go into to the"docs" directory and run::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then change to the :file:`docs/` directory and run::
```
